US EQUITY RESEARCH
Goldman Sachs Group Inc
Capitalise on market volatility
12 November 2025
Company Overview
The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a global ﬁnancial institution that delivers a range
of ﬁnancial services across investment banking, securities, investment
management, and consumer banking to a diversiﬁed client base that includes
corporations, ﬁnancial institutions, governments, and individuals. The company
operates through three segments after its recent re-organisation, namely (1)
Global Banking & Markets, (2) Asset & Wealth Management, and (3) Platform
Solutions, which includes consumer and transaction banking businesses.
Investment Overview
World-class broker with top talent. Goldman has consistently occupied the top
spots of investment banking league tables and meaningfully expanded the
wallet share of its top trading clients, thanks to its excellent culture and ability
to attract top talent via a performance-driven compensation system. Going
forward, the company would trim its principal investment balance sheet while
(1) refocusing on its core banking and markets business, (2) growing its asset
and wealth management fees, and (3) scaling its young platform solutions
business with the aim of achieving profitability.
Normalization in Market Activities and Disciplined Strategy Execution to Drive
ROE. We believe Goldman Sachs is on track to sustain its medium-term ROE
target in the mid-teens, with ROE of high-teens aﬃrming strong execution. This
is driven by: (1) investment banking fee recovery driven by M&A, (2) continued
exit of principal investments to free capital for redeployment, (3) Asset &
Wealth Management to see AUS to grow at teens % with strength in
alternative, and (4) a streamlined platform business, with a three-year
efficiency plan enhancing profitability.
Set to deliver resilient performance, with robust trading income
counterbalancing potential delays in investment banking activities amid
market volatility. We note record equities trading revenues and robust FICC
revenues, showcasing the ﬁrm’s ability to capitalise on a “highly dynamic
environment,” as clients repositioned portfolios. This strength, driven by
leadership in derivatives and ﬁnancing, is likely to persist as volatility fuels
trading demand, partially oﬀsetting softer advisory revenues (down y/y) and a
cautious M&A outlook due to recession risks and trade policy uncertainty. With
a diversiﬁed franchise, USD40bn buyback program, and eﬃciency gains from
AI investments, Goldman is well-positioned to navigate delays in dealmaking
while sustaining mid-teens ROE.
BUY rating with TP of USD890. Our target valuation is based on 16x FY26F P/E,
justiﬁed by 16% EPS CAGR during FY24-27F. The higher than historical average
target multiple reﬂect expected ROE improvement from successful strategy
execution, the improving M&A deal cycle, strong equity trading income amid
market volatility, and sustained market momentum amid de- escalation of
trade tension. We expect the company to maintain a mid-teens ROE through-
the- cycle.
Risks
Global economic slowdown, prolonged high market interest rates, noticeable
contraction in market liquidity, and a substantial correction in global asset
valuation.
Ken SHIH | Edmond FOK
Analysts
dbsvhk@dbs.com
Key Financial Data
Bloomberg Ticker GS US
Sector Financial Services
Share Price (USD) 797.2
DBS Rating BUY
12-mth Target Price (USD) 890.0
Market Cap (USD bn) 250.1
Volume (m shares) 2.3
Dividend yield (%) 1.4
Fwd. P/E (x) 16.1
P/Book (x) 1.7
ROE (%) 11.5
Closing Price as of 11 Nov 2025
Indexed Share price vs Composite Index Performance
Source: Thomson Reuters
0
50
100
150
200
250
Jan-24 Jun-24 Nov-24 Apr-25 Sep-25
S&P 500
Goldman Sachs Gp.
(normalised)
US EQUITY RESEARCH
Financial Summary (USDmn)
FY Dec FY2022 (A) FY2023 (A) FY2024 (A) FY2025 (F) FY2026 (F)
Sales 47,365 46,254 53,512 59,169 63,150
% y/y (20.2) (2.3) 15.7 10.5 6.7
Net Profit 11,261 10,126 14,491 16,420 18,227
% y/y (48.0) (10.3) 44.2 13.4 11.0
Net Margin (%) 22.7 20.2 25.6 26.3 27.3
ROA (%) 0.7 0.5 0.8 0.9 0.9
ROE (%) 9.3 8.2 11.5 12.6 13.7
Tax Rate (%) 17.9 18.7 22.4 22.0 21.9
Source: Visible Alpha
Valuation Metrics
FY Dec FY2022 (A) FY2023 (A) FY2024 (A) FY2025 (F) FY2026 (F)
P/E (x) 11.4 16.9 14.1 16.1 13.9
P/B (x) 1.1 1.2 1.7 2.2 2.1
Dividend Yield (%) 2.6 2.7 2.0 1.8 2.1
Dividend Per Share (DPS) 9.0 10.5 NaN 12.3 13.0
Source: Visible Alpha
Credit & Cashflow Metrics
FY Dec FY2022 (A) FY2023 (A) FY2024 (A) FY2025 (F) FY2026 (F)
Debt / Equity 395.2 548.6 550.0 527.3 526.5
Net Debt / Equity 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
Debt / Assets 32.1 39.1 40.0 36.5 35.9
Net Debt / Assets 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
ST Debt / Total Debt 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00
[Cash + CFO] / ST Debt nm nm nm nm nm
Source: Visible Alpha
US EQUITY RESEARCH
Target Price & Ratings History
Source: DBS
Analysts: Ken SHIH
Edmond FOK
DBS Group Research recommendations are based on an Absolute Total Return* Rating system, defined as follows:
STRONG BUY (>20% total return over the next 3 months, with identifiable share price catalysts within this time frame)
BUY (>15% total return over the next 12 months for small caps, >10% for large caps)
HOLD (-10% to +15% total return over the next 12 months for small caps, -10% to +10% for large caps)
FULLY VALUED (negative total return, i.e., > -10% over the next 12 months)
SELL (negative total return of > -20% over the next 3 months, with identifiable share price catalysts within this time frame)
*Share price appreciation + dividends
Sources for all charts and tables are DBS HK unless otherwise speciﬁed.
GENERAL DISCLOSURE/DISCLAIMER
This report is prepared by DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (“DBS HK”). This report is solely intended for the clients of DBS Bank Ltd., DBS Vickers
Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd. (“DBSVS”), its respective connected and associated corporations and aﬃliates only and no part of this document
The research set out in this report is based on information obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we (which collectively refers to DBS
Bank Ltd, DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, its respective connected and associated corporations, aﬃliates and their respective directors,
oﬃcers, employees and agents (collectively, the “DBS Group”) have not conducted due diligence on any of the companies, veriﬁed any information
or sources or taken into account any other factors which we may consider to be relevant or appropriate in preparing the research. Accordingly, we
do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or correctness of the research set out in this report. Opinions
expressed are subject to change without notice. This research is prepared for general circulation. Any recommendation contained in this document
does not have regard to the speciﬁc investment objectives, ﬁnancial situation and the particular needs of any speciﬁc addressee. This document is
for the information of addressees only and is not to be taken in substitution for the exercise of judgement by addressees, who should obtain
separate independent legal or ﬁnancial advice. The DBS Group accepts no liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect and/or consequential loss
(including any claims for loss of proﬁt) arising from any use of and/or reliance upon this document and/or further communication given in relation
to this document. This document is not to be construed as an oﬀer or a solicitation of an oﬀer to buy or sell any securities. The DBS Group, along
with its aﬃliates and/or persons associated with any of them may from time to time have interests in the securities mentioned in this document.
The DBS Group, may have positions in, and may eﬀect transactions in securities mentioned herein and may also perform or seek to perform broking,
investment banking and other banking services for these companies.
Any valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments herein constitutes a judgment as of the date of this report, and there can
be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments.
The information in this document is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it may be incomplete or condensed, it may not
S.No. Date Closing Price Target Price Rating
1 16-Jan-25 605.92 680.00 BUY
2 16-Apr-25 507.89 600.00 BUY
3 25-May-25 598.54 660.00 BUY
4 18-Jul-25 705.84 800.00 BUY
5 11-Nov-25 797.20 890.00 BUY
Note: Share price and Target price are adjusted for corporate actions
1
2
4
5
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
700
800
900
Nov-24
Dec-24
Jan-25
Feb-25
Mar-25
Apr-25
May-25
Jun-25
Jul-25
Aug-25
Sep-25
Oct-25
USD
US EQUITY RESEARCH
contain all material information concerning the company (or companies) referred to in this report and the DBS Group is under no obligation to
update the information in this report.
This publication has not been reviewed or authorized by any regulatory authority in Singapore, Hong Kong or elsewhere. There is no planned
schedule or frequency for updating research publication relating to any issuer.
The valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments described in this report were based upon a number of estimates and
assumptions and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies. It can be expected that one or more of the estimates on
which the valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments were based will not materialize or will vary significantly from actual
results. Therefore, the inclusion of the valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments described herein IS NOT TO BE RELIED
UPON as a representation and/or warranty by the DBS Group (and/or any persons associated with the aforesaid entities), that:
(a) such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments or their underlying assumptions will be achieved, and
(b) there is any assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk
assessments stated therein.
Please contact the primary analyst for valuation methodologies and assumptions associated with the covered companies or price targets.
Any assumptions made in this report that refers to commodities, are for the purposes of making forecasts for the company (or companies)
mentioned herein. They are not to be construed as recommendations to trade in the physical commodity or in the futures contract relating to the
commodity referred to in this report.
DBSVUSA, a US-registered broker-dealer, does not have its own investment banking or research department, has not participated in any public
oﬀering of securities as a manager or co-manager or in any other investment banking transaction in the past twelve months and does not engage
in market-making.
ANALYST CERTIFICATION
The research analyst(s) primarily responsible for the content of this research report, in part or in whole, certiﬁes that the views about the companies
and their securities expressed in this report accurately reﬂect his/her personal views. The analyst(s) also certiﬁes that no part of his/her
compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to speciﬁc recommendations or views expressed in the report. The research analyst
(s) primarily responsible for the content of this research report, in part or in whole, certiﬁes that he or his associate1
does not serve as an oﬃcer of
the issuer or the new listing applicant (which includes in the case of a real estate investment trust, an oﬃcer of the management company of the
real estate investment trust; and in the case of any other entity, an oﬃcer or its equivalent counterparty of the entity who is responsible for the
management of the issuer or the new listing applicant) and the research analyst(s) primarily responsible for the content of this research report or
his associate does not have ﬁnancial interests2
in relation to an issuer or a new listing applicant that the analyst reviews. DBS Group has procedures
in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conﬂicts of interests that may arise in connection with the production of research reports.
The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and independent team to the investment banking function of the
DBS Group and procedures are in place to ensure that conﬁdential information held by either the research or investment banking function is
handled appropriately. There is no direct link of DBS Group's compensation to any speciﬁc investment banking function of the DBS Group.
COMPANY-SPECIFIC / REGULATORY DISCLOSURES
1. DBS Bank Ltd, DBS HK, DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd ("DBSVS"), DBSVUSA, or their subsidiaries and/or other affiliates have a
proprietary position in Goldman Sachs Group Inc/The recommended in this report as of 31 Oct 2025.
Compensation for investment banking services:
2. DBSVUSA does not have its own investment banking or research department, nor has it participated in any public offering of securities as a
manager or co-manager or in any other investment banking transaction in the past twelve months. Any US persons wishing to obtain further
1
An associate is defined as (i) the spouse, or any minor child (natural or adopted) or minor step-child, of the analyst; (ii) the trustee of a trust of which the
analyst, his spouse, minor child (natural or adopted) or minor step-child, is a beneficiary or discretionary object; or (iii) another person accustomed or obliged
to act in accordance with the directions or instructions of the analyst.
2
Financial interest is defined as interests that are commonly known financial interest, such as investment in the securities in respect of an issuer or a new
listing applicant, or financial accommodation arrangement between the issuer or the new listing applicant and the firm or analysis. This term does not include
commercial lending conducted at arm's length, or investments in any collective investment scheme other than an issuer or new listing applicant
notwithstanding the fact that the scheme has investments in securities in respect of an issuer or a new listing applicant.
US EQUITY RESEARCH
information, including any clarification on disclosures in this disclaimer, or to effect a transaction in any security discussed in this document
should contact DBSVUSA exclusively.
Disclosure of previous investment recommendation produced:
3. DBS Bank Ltd, DBS HK, DBSVS, DBSVUSA, their subsidiaries and/or other affiliates may have published other investment recommendations in
respect of the same securities / instruments recommended in this research report during the preceding 12 months. Please contact the primary
analyst listed on page 1 of this report to view previous investment recommendations published by DBS Bank Ltd, DBS Vickers Securities
(Singapore) Pte Ltd (''DBSVS''), their subsidiaries and/or other affiliates in the preceding 12 months.
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION
General This report is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or
located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be
contrary to law or regulation.
Australia This report is being distributed in Australia by DBS Bank Ltd, DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“DBSVS”) or DBSV HK.
DBS Bank Ltd holds Australian Financial Services Licence no. 475946.
DBS Bank Ltd, DBSVS and DBSV HK are exempted from the requirement to hold an Australian Financial Services Licence under
the Corporation Act 2001 (“CA”) in respect of ﬁnancial services provided to the recipients. Both DBS and DBSVS are regulated by
the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore, and DBSV HK is regulated by the Hong Kong Securities and
Futures Commission under the laws of Hong Kong, which diﬀer from Australian laws.
Distribution of this report is intended only for “wholesale investors” within the meaning of the CA.
Hong Kong This report is being distributed in Hong Kong by DBS Bank Ltd, DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Limited and DBS Vickers (Hong Kong)
Limited, all of which are registered with or licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Commission to carry out the
regulated activity of advising on securities. DBS Bank Ltd., Hong Kong Branch is a limited liability company incorporated in
Singapore.
For any query regarding the materials herein, please contact Dennis Lam (Reg No. AH8290) at dbsvhk@dbs.com
Indonesia This report is being distributed in Indonesia by PT DBS Vickers Sekuritas Indonesia.
Malaysia This report is distributed in Malaysia by AllianceDBS Research Sdn Bhd ("ADBSR"). Recipients of this report, received from ADBSR
are to contact the undersigned at 603-2604 3333 in respect of any matters arising from or in connection with this report. In
addition to the General Disclosure/Disclaimer found at the preceding page, recipients of this report are advised that ADBSR (the
preparer of this report), its holding company Alliance Investment Bank Berhad, their respective connected and associated
corporations, aﬃliates, their directors, oﬃcers, employees, agents and parties related or associated with any of them may have
positions in, and may eﬀect transactions in the securities mentioned herein and may also perform or seek to perform broking,
investment banking/corporate advisory and other services for the subject companies. They may also have received
compensation and/or seek to obtain compensation for broking, investment banking/corporate advisory and other services from
the subject companies.
Wong Ming Tek, Executive Director, ADBSR
Singapore This report is distributed in Singapore by DBS Bank Ltd (Company Regn. No. 196800306E) or DBSVS (Company Regn No.
198600294G), both of which are Exempt Financial Advisers as deﬁned in the Financial Advisers Act and regulated by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore. DBS Bank Ltd and/or DBSVS, may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign entities,
aﬃliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers
Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert Investor or an
Institutional Investor, DBS Bank Ltd accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons only to the extent
required by law. Singapore recipients should contact DBS Bank Ltd at 6878 8888 for matters arising from, or in connection with
the report.
Thailand This report is being distributed in Thailand by DBS Vickers Securities (Thailand) Co Ltd.
For any query regarding the materials herein, please contact Chanpen Sirithanarattanakul at DBSVTresearch@dbs.com
US EQUITY RESEARCH
United
Kingdom
This report is produced by DBS HK which is regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority
This report is disseminated in the United Kingdom by DBS Bank Ltd, London Branch (“DBS UK”). DBS UK is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the
Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are available
from us on request.
In respect of the United Kingdom, this report is solely intended for the clients of DBS UK, its respective connected and associated
corporations and aﬃliates only and no part of this document may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any form or by any
professional experience in matters relating to investments. Any investment activity following from this communication will only
be engaged in with such persons. Persons who do not have professional experience in matters relating to investments should
not rely on this communication.
Dubai
International
Financial
Centre
This communication is provided to you as a Professional Client or Market Counterparty as deﬁned in the DFSA Rulebook Conduct
of Business Module (the "COB Module"), and should not be relied upon or acted on by any person which does not meet the
criteria to be classiﬁed as a Professional Client or Market Counterparty under the DFSA rules.
This communication is from the branch of DBS Bank Ltd operating in the Dubai International Financial Centre (the "DIFC") under
the trading name "DBS Bank Ltd. (DIFC Branch)" ("DBS DIFC"), registered with the DIFC Registrar of Companies under number
156 and having its registered oﬃce at units 608 - 610, 6th Floor, Gate Precinct Building 5, PO Box 506538, DIFC, Dubai, United
Arab Emirates.
DBS DIFC is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA") with a DFSA reference number F000164. For more
information on DBS DIFC and its aﬃliates, please see http://www.dbs.com/ae/our--network/default.page.
Where this communication contains a research report, this research report is prepared by the entity referred to therein, which
may be DBS Bank Ltd or a third party, and is provided to you by DBS DIFC. The research report has not been reviewed or
authorised by the DFSA. Such research report is distributed on the express understanding that, whilst the information contained
within is believed to be reliable, the information has not been independently veriﬁed by DBS DIFC.
Unless otherwise indicated, this communication does not constitute an "Oﬀer of Securities to the Public" as deﬁned under Article
12 of the Markets Law (DIFC Law No.1 of 2012) or an "Oﬀer of a Unit of a Fund" as deﬁned under Article 19(2) of the Collective
Investment Law (DIFC Law No.2 of 2010).
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying this communication or any associated documents in connection with
this investment and it is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the DFSA. Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved
this communication or any other associated documents in connection with this investment nor taken any steps to verify the
information set out in this communication or any associated documents, and has no responsibility for them. The DFSA has not
assessed the suitability of any investments to which the communication relates and, in respect of any Islamic investments (or
other investments identiﬁed to be Shari'a compliant), neither we nor the DFSA has determined whether they are Shari'a
compliant in any way.
Any investments which this communication relates to may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale. Prospective
purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on any investments. If you do not understand the contents of this document
you should consult an authorised ﬁnancial adviser.
United States This report was prepared by DBS HK. DBSVUSA did not participate in its preparation. The research analyst(s) named on this
report are not registered as research analysts with FINRA and are not associated persons of DBSVUSA. The research analyst(s)
are not subject to FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on analyst compensation, communications with a subject company, public
appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst. This report is being distributed in the United States by DBSVUSA,
which accepts responsibility for its contents. This report may only be distributed to Major U.S. Institutional Investors (as deﬁned
in SEC Rule 15a-6) and to such other institutional investors and qualiﬁed persons as DBSVUSA may authorize. Any U.S. person
receiving this report who wishes to eﬀect transactions in any securities referred to herein should contact DBSVUSA directly and
not its aﬃliate.
Other
jurisdictions
In any other jurisdictions, except if otherwise restricted by laws or regulations, this report is intended only for qualiﬁed,
professional, institutional or sophisticated investors as deﬁned in the laws and regulations of such jurisdictions.
US EQUITY RESEARCH
DBS REGIONAL RESEARCH OFFICES
HONG KONG
DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Ltd
Contact: Dennis Lam
13th Floor One Island East,
18 Westlands Road,
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
Tel: 852 3668 4181
Fax: 852 2521 1812
e-mail: dbsvhk@dbs.com
SINGAPORE
DBS Bank Ltd
Contact: Andy Sim
12 Marina Boulevard,
Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3
Singapore 018982
Tel: 65 6878 8888
e-mail: groupresearch@dbs.com
Company Regn. No. 196800306E
INDONESIA
PT DBS Vickers Sekuritas (Indonesia)
Contact: William Simadiputra
DBS Bank Tower
Ciputra World 1, 32/F
Jl. Prof. Dr. Satrio Kav. 3-5
Jakarta 12940, Indonesia
Tel: 62 21 3003 4900
Fax: 6221 3003 4943
e-mail: indonesiaresearch@dbs.com
THAILAND
DBS Vickers Securities (Thailand) Co Ltd
Contact: Chanpen Sirithanarattanakul
989 Siam Piwat Tower Building,
9th, 14th-15th Floor
Rama 1 Road, Pathumwan,
Bangkok Thailand 10330
Tel. 66 2 857 7831
Fax: 66 2 658 1269
e-mail: DBSVTresearch@dbs.com
Company Regn. No 0105539127012
Securities and Exchange Commission, Thailand
