US EQUITY RESEARCH
the end of this document.
Microsoft Corp
Intelligent Cloud + Gaming led growth 26 January 2026
Company Overview
Microsoft Corp (MSFT) develops, manufactures, licenses, & supports a wide
range of software products. It has transformed from a component driven (PC,
server) to one driven by the need for cloud capacity. Its Azure platform is
thriving & is placed 2nd in public cloud in terms of market share. MSFT has
three businesses - Productivity & Business Processes (Office, LinkedIn,
Dynamics), Intelligent Cloud (Server Products & Cloud Services, Azure, and
Enterprise Services) & More Personal Computing (Windows, Devices, Gaming,
Search).
Investment Overview
Microsoft is the global leader in productivity software. This is supported by a
comprehensive product ecosystem, strong enterprise relationships, and
entrenched market presence. The cloud-based productivity software market
is forecast to grow from USD57bn in 2024 to USD129bn by 2030 (14.6%
CAGR), with consensus expecting MSFT’s Productivity and Business Processes
segment to grow at a 15% CAGR over FY26F–28F.
Azure is the primary growth driver. Intelligent Cloud revenue is expected to
grow at a 22.5% CAGR over FY26F–28F and account for 41% of FY26F revenue.
MSFT holds a 23% cloud market share, with industry-leading cloud margins
(42% in FY25) versus 26% in the PC segment, supporting further margin
expansion as workloads shift to cloud. Copilot adoption is accelerating, with
100m+ monthly active users (MAUs) and strong enterprise uptake, while Azure
AI Foundry is scaling rapidly across 14,000+ customers.
Activision strengthens the PC segment and gaming ecosystem. The acquistion
of Activision contributed ~3ppt to FY24 revenue growth. Despite near-term PC
weakness, higher-margin growth drivers such as Game Pass (+45% y/y) and
cloud gaming are gaining traction.
BUY MSFT, TP USD678 (prev USD600), based on 37x 12m forward blended
earnings of USD136bn. The premium to peers reflects superior earnings
growth (17% CAGR vs peers at 13%), driven by accelerating Copilot
monetization, deeper AI integration across the enterprise stack, and sustained
Azure-led cloud growth.
Risks
Enterprise application spending is cyclical and discretionary, making Microsoft
exposed to IT budget cuts during economic slowdowns as application
upgrades and migrations are often deferred. Key downside risks include
weaker-than-expected cloud growth and spend, FX headwinds, macro
deterioration, hiring constraints, intensifying competition, and sharper-than-
expected declines in the PC and server markets.
Sachin Mittal
Analyst
groupresearch@dbs.com
Key Financial Data
Bloomberg Ticker MSFT US
Sector Information Technology
Share Price (USD) 451.14
DBS Rating BUY
12-mth Target Price (USD) 678.0
Market Cap (USDb) 3,353.0
Volume (m shares) 25.3
Free float (%) 100.0
Dividend yield (%) 0.8
Net Debt to Equity (%) 5.1
Fwd. P/E (x) 28.2
P/Book (x) 9.2
ROE (%) 32.2
Closing Price as of 22 Jan 2026
Indexed Share price vs Composite Index Performance
The full report and disclaimers are accessible here:
60
90
120
150
180
Jan-24 Jun-24 Nov-24 Apr-25 Sep-25
(normalised) S&P 500
Microsoft Corp
US EQUITY RESEARCH
the end of this document.
Financial Summary (USDmn)
FY Dec FY2022A FY2023A FY2024A FY2025F FY2026F
Sales
% y/y
Gross Profit
% y/y
EBITDA
% y/y
Net Profit (Loss)
% y/y
FCF
CAPEX
EBITDA Margin (%)
Net Margin (%)
ROA (%)
ROE (%)
Tax Rate (%)
Source: Refinitiv
Valuation Metrics
FY Dec FY2022A FY2023A FY2024A FY2025F FY2026F
P/E
P/B
Dividend Yield
EV/EBITDA (x)
FCF Yield %
Source: Refinitiv
Credit & Cashflow Metrics
FY Dec FY2022A FY2023A FY2024A FY2025F FY2026F
Debt / Equity
Net Debt / Equity
Debt / Assets
Net Debt / Assets
EBITDA / Int Exp
Debt / EBITDA
ST Debt / Total Debt (%)
[Cash + CFO] / ST Debt
Receivables Days
Days Payable
Inventory Days
Source: Refinitiv
US EQUITY RESEARCH
the end of this document.
Target Price & Ratings History
Source: DBS
Analyst: Sachin Mittal
DBS Group Research recommendations are based on an Absolute Total Return* Rating system, defined as follows:
STRONG BUY (>20% total return over the next 3 months, with identifiable share price catalysts within this time frame)
BUY (>15% total return over the next 12 months for small caps, >10% for large caps)
HOLD (-10% to +15% total return over the next 12 months for small caps, -10% to +10% for large caps)
FULLY VALUED (negative total return, i.e., > -10% over the next 12 months)
SELL (negative total return of > -20% over the next 3 months, with identifiable share price catalysts within this time frame)
*Share price appreciation + dividends
Sources for all charts and tables are DBS unless otherwise specified.
GENERAL DISCLOSURE/DISCLAIMER
This report is prepared by DBS Bank Ltd. This report is solely intended for the clients of DBS Bank Ltd, DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte
Ltd, its respective connected and associated corporations and affiliates only and no part of this document may be (i) copied, photocopied or
The research set out in this report is based on information obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but we (which collectively refers to
DBS Bank Ltd, DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd, its respective connected and associated corporations, affiliates and their respective
directors, officers, employees and agents (collectively, the “DBS Group”) have not conducted due diligence on any of the companies, verified
any information or sources or taken into account any other factors which we may consider to be relevant or appropriate in preparing the
research. Accordingly, we do not make any representation or warranty as to the accuracy, completeness or correctness of the research set
out in this report. Opinions expressed are subject to change without notice. This research is prepared for general circulation. Any
recommendation contained in this document does not have regard to the specific investment objectives, financial situation and the particular
needs of any specific addressee. This document is for the information of addressees only and is not to be taken in substitution for the exercise
of judgement by addressees, who should obtain separate independent legal or financial advice. The DBS Group accepts no liability whatsoever
for any direct, indirect and/or consequential loss (including any claims for loss of profit) arising from any use of and/or reliance upon this
document and/or further communication given in relation to this document. This document is not to be construed as an offer or a solicitation
of an offer to buy or sell any securities. The DBS Group, along with its affiliates and/or persons associated with any of them may from time to
time have interests in the securities mentioned in this document. The DBS Group, may have positions in, and may effect transactions in
securities mentioned herein and may also perform or seek to perform broking, investment banking and other banking services for these
companies.
Any valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments herein constitutes a judgment as of the date of this report, and
there can be no assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or
risk assessments. The information in this document is subject to change without notice, its accuracy is not guaranteed, it may be incomplete
or condensed, it may not contain all material information concerning the company (or companies) referred to in this report and the DBS
Group is under no obligation to update the information in this report.
This publication has not been reviewed or authorized by any regulatory authority in Singapore, Hong Kong or elsewhere. There is no planned
schedule or frequency for updating research publication relating to any issuer.
The valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments described in this report were based upon a number of estimates
and assumptions and are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies. It can be expected that one or more of the
US EQUITY RESEARCH
the end of this document.
estimates on which the valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments were based will not materialize or will vary
significantly from actual results. Therefore, the inclusion of the valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments described
herein IS NOT TO BE RELIED UPON as a representation and/or warranty by the DBS Group (and/or any persons associated with the aforesaid
entities), that:
(a) such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or risk assessments or their underlying assumptions will be achieved, and
(b) there is any assurance that future results or events will be consistent with any such valuations, opinions, estimates, forecasts, ratings or
risk assessments stated therein.
Please contact the primary analyst for valuation methodologies and assumptions associated with the covered companies or price targets.
Any assumptions made in this report that refers to commodities, are for the purposes of making forecasts for the company (or companies)
mentioned herein. They are not to be construed as recommendations to trade in the physical commodity or in the futures contract relating
to the commodity referred to in this report.
DBSVUSA, a US-registered broker-dealer, does not have its own investment banking or research department, has not participated in any
public offering of securities as a manager or co-manager or in any other investment banking transaction in the past twelve months and does
not engage in market-making.
ANALYST CERTIFICATION
The research analyst(s) primarily responsible for the content of this research report, in part or in whole, certifies that the views about the
companies and their securities expressed in this report accurately reflect his/her personal views. The analyst(s) also certifies that no part of
his/her compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to specific recommendations or views expressed in the report. The
research analyst (s) primarily responsible for the content of this research report, in part or in whole, certifies that he or his associate1
does
not serve as an officer of the issuer or the new listing applicant (which includes in the case of a real estate investment trust, an officer of the
management company of the real estate investment trust; and in the case of any other entity, an officer or its equivalent counterparty of the
entity who is responsible for the management of the issuer or the new listing applicant) and the research analyst(s) primarily responsible for
the content of this research report or his associate does not have financial interests2
in relation to an issuer or a new listing applicant that
the analyst reviews. DBS Group has procedures in place to eliminate, avoid and manage any potential conflicts of interests that may arise in
connection with the production of research reports. The research analyst(s) responsible for this report operates as part of a separate and
independent team to the investment banking function of the DBS Group and procedures are in place to ensure that confidential information
held by either the research or investment banking function is handled appropriately. There is no direct link of DBS Group's compensation to
any specific investment banking function of the DBS Group.
COMPANY-SPECIFIC / REGULATORY DISCLOSURES
1. DBS Bank Ltd, DBS HK, DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (''DBSVS''), DBSVUSA, or their subsidiaries and/or other affiliates
have a proprietary position in Microsoft Corprecommended in this report as of 31 Dec 2025.
Compensation for investment banking services:
2. DBSVUSA does not have its own investment banking or research department, nor has it participated in any public offering of securities
as a manager or co-manager or in any other investment banking transaction in the past twelve months. Any US persons wishing to
obtain further information, including any clarification on disclosures in this disclaimer, or to effect a transaction in any security discussed
in this document should contact DBSVUSA exclusively.
Disclosure of previous investment recommendation produced:
3. DBS Bank Ltd, DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (''DBSVS''), their subsidiaries and/or other affiliates may have published other
investment recommendations in respect of the same securities / instruments recommended in this research report during the
preceding 12 months. Please contact the primary analyst listed on page 1 of this report to view previous investment recommendations
published by DBS Bank Ltd, DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (''DBSVS''), their subsidiaries and/or other affiliates in the
preceding 12 months.
1
An associate is defined as (i) the spouse, or any minor child (natural or adopted) or minor step-child, of the analyst; (ii) the trustee of a trust of which the analyst,
his spouse, minor child (natural or adopted) or minor step-child, is a beneficiary or discretionary object; or (iii) another person accustomed or obliged to act in
accordance with the directions or instructions of the analyst.
2
Financial interest is defined as interests that are commonly known financial interest, such as investment in the securities in respect of an issuer or a new listing
applicant, or financial accommodation arrangement between the issuer or the new listing applicant and the firm or analysis. This term does not include
commercial lending conducted at arm's length, or investments in any collective investment scheme other than an issuer or new listing applicant notwithstanding
the fact that the scheme has investments in securities in respect of an issuer or a new listing applicant.
US EQUITY RESEARCH
the end of this document.
RESTRICTIONS ON DISTRIBUTION
General This report is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity who is a citizen or resident of or
located in any locality, state, country or other jurisdiction where such distribution, publication, availability or use would be
contrary to law or regulation.
Australia This report is being distributed in Australia by DBS Bank Ltd, DBS Vickers Securities (Singapore) Pte Ltd (“DBSVS”) or DBSV
HK. DBS Bank Ltd holds Australian Financial Services Licence no. 475946.
DBS Bank Ltd, DBSVS and DBSV HK are exempted from the requirement to hold an Australian Financial Services Licence
under the Corporation Act 2001 (“CA”) in respect of financial services provided to the recipients. Both DBS and DBSVS are
regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore under the laws of Singapore, and DBSV HK is regulated by the Hong Kong
Securities and Futures Commission under the laws of Hong Kong, which differ from Australian laws.
Distribution of this report is intended only for “wholesale investors” within the meaning of the CA.
Hong Kong This report has been prepared by a personnel of DBS Bank Ltd, who is not licensed by the Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission to carry on the regulated activity of advising on securities in Hong Kong pursuant to the Securities and Futures
Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). This report is being distributed in Hong Kong and is attributable to DBS
Bank (Hong Kong) Limited (''DBS HK''), a registered institution registered with the Hong Kong Securities and Futures
Commission to carry on the regulated activity of advising on securities pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance
(Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong). DBS Bank Ltd., Hong Kong Branch is a limited liability company incorporated in
Singapore.
For any query regarding the materials herein, please contact Dennis Lam (Reg No. AH8290) at dbsvhk@dbs.com
Indonesia This report is being distributed in Indonesia by PT DBS Vickers Sekuritas Indonesia.
Malaysia This report is distributed in Malaysia by AllianceDBS Research Sdn Bhd ("ADBSR"). Recipients of this report, received from
ADBSR are to contact the undersigned at 603-2604 3333 in respect of any matters arising from or in connection with this
report. In addition to the General Disclosure/Disclaimer found at the preceding page, recipients of this report are advised
that ADBSR (the preparer of this report), its holding company Alliance Investment Bank Berhad, their respective connected
and associated corporations, affiliates, their directors, officers, employees, agents and parties related or associated with any
of them may have positions in, and may effect transactions in the securities mentioned herein and may also perform or seek
to perform broking, investment banking/corporate advisory and other services for the subject companies. They may also
have received compensation and/or seek to obtain compensation for broking, investment banking/corporate advisory and
other services from the subject companies.
Wong Ming Tek, Executive Director, ADBSR
Singapore This report is distributed in Singapore by DBS Bank Ltd (Company Regn. No. 196800306E) or DBSVS (Company Regn No.
198600294G), both of which are Exempt Financial Advisers as defined in the Financial Advisers Act and regulated by the
Monetary Authority of Singapore. DBS Bank Ltd and/or DBSVS, may distribute reports produced by its respective foreign
entities, affiliates or other foreign research houses pursuant to an arrangement under Regulation 32C of the Financial
Advisers Regulations. Where the report is distributed in Singapore to a person who is not an Accredited Investor, Expert
Investor or an Institutional Investor, DBS Bank Ltd accepts legal responsibility for the contents of the report to such persons
only to the extent required by law. Singapore recipients should contact DBS Bank Ltd at 6878 8888 for matters arising from,
or in connection with the report.
US EQUITY RESEARCH
the end of this document.
Thailand This report is being distributed in Thailand by DBS Vickers Securities (Thailand) Co Ltd.
For any query regarding the materials herein, please contact Chanpen Sirithanarattanakul at DBSVTresearch@dbs.com.
United Kingdom This report is produced by DBS Bank Ltd which is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore.
This report is disseminated in the United Kingdom by DBS Bank Ltd, London Branch (“DBS UK”). DBS UK is authorised by the
Prudential Regulation Authority and is subject to regulation by the Financial Conduct Authority and limited regulation by the
Prudential Regulation Authority. Details about the extent of our regulation by the Prudential Regulation Authority are
available from us on request.
In respect of the United Kingdom, this report is solely intended for the clients of DBS UK, its respective connected and
associated corporations and affiliates only and no part of this document may be (i) copied, photocopied or duplicated in any
persons having professional experience in matters relating to investments. Any investment activity following from this
communication will only be engaged in with such persons. Persons who do not have professional experience in matters
relating to investments should not rely on this communication.
Dubai
International
Financial Centre
This communication is provided to you as a Professional Client or Market Counterparty as defined in the DFSA Rulebook
Conduct of Business Module (the "COB Module"), and should not be relied upon or acted on by any person which does not
meet the criteria to be classified as a Professional Client or Market Counterparty under the DFSA rules.
This communication is from the branch of DBS Bank Ltd operating in the Dubai International Financial Centre (the "DIFC")
under the trading name "DBS Bank Ltd. (DIFC Branch)" ("DBS DIFC"), registered with the DIFC Registrar of Companies under
number 156 and having its registered office at units 608 - 610, 6th Floor, Gate Precinct Building 5, PO Box 506538, DIFC,
Dubai, United Arab Emirates.
DBS DIFC is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the "DFSA") with a DFSA reference number F000164. For
more information on DBS DIFC and its affiliates, please see http://www.dbs.com/ae/our--network/default.page.
Where this communication contains a research report, this research report is prepared by the entity referred to therein,
which may be DBS Bank Ltd or a third party, and is provided to you by DBS DIFC. The research report has not been reviewed
or authorised by the DFSA. Such research report is distributed on the express understanding that, whilst the information
contained within is believed to be reliable, the information has not been independently verified by DBS DIFC.
Unless otherwise indicated, this communication does not constitute an "Offer of Securities to the Public" as defined under
Article 12 of the Markets Law (DIFC Law No.1 of 2012) or an "Offer of a Unit of a Fund" as defined under Article 19(2) of the
Collective Investment Law (DIFC Law No.2 of 2010).
The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying this communication or any associated documents in connection
with this investment and it is not subject to any form of regulation or approval by the DFSA. Accordingly, the DFSA has not
approved this communication or any other associated documents in connection with this investment nor taken any steps
to verify the information set out in this communication or any associated documents, and has no responsibility for them.
The DFSA has not assessed the suitability of any investments to which the communication relates and, in respect of any
Islamic investments (or other investments identified to be Shari'a compliant), neither we nor the DFSA has determined
whether they are Shari'a compliant in any way.
Any investments which this communication relates to may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale.
Prospective purchasers should conduct their own due diligence on any investments. If you do not understand the contents
of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser.
US EQUITY RESEARCH
the end of this document.
United States This report was prepared by DBS Bank Ltd. DBSVUSA did not participate in its preparation. The research analyst(s) named
on this report are not registered as research analysts with FINRA and are not associated persons of DBSVUSA. The research
analyst(s) are not subject to FINRA Rule 2241 restrictions on analyst compensation, communications with a subject company,
public appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst. This report is being distributed in the United States
by DBSVUSA, which accepts responsibility for its contents. This report may only be distributed to Major U.S. Institutional
Investors (as defined in SEC Rule 15a-6) and to such other institutional investors and qualified persons as DBSVUSA may
authorize. Any U.S. person receiving this report who wishes to effect transactions in any securities referred to herein should
contact DBSVUSA directly and not its affiliate.
Other
jurisdictions
In any other jurisdictions, except if otherwise restricted by laws or regulations, this report is intended only for qualified,
professional, institutional or sophisticated investors as defined in the laws and regulations of such jurisdictions.
DBS REGIONAL RESEARCH OFFICES
HONG KONG
DBS Bank (Hong Kong) Ltd
Contact: Dennis Lam
13th Floor One Island East,
18 Westlands Road,
Quarry Bay, Hong Kong
Tel: 852 3668 4181
Fax: 852 2521 1812
e-mail: dbsvhk@dbs.com
SINGAPORE
DBS Bank Ltd
Contact: Andy Sim
12 Marina Boulevard,
Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 3
Singapore 018982
Tel: 65 6878 8888
e-mail: groupresearch@dbs.com
Company Regn. No. 196800306E
INDONESIA
PT DBS Vickers Sekuritas (Indonesia)
Contact: William Simadiputra
DBS Bank Tower
Ciputra World 1, 32/F
Jl. Prof. Dr. Satrio Kav. 3-5
Jakarta 12940, Indonesia
Tel: 62 21 3003 4900
Fax: 6221 3003 4943
e-mail: indonesiaresearch@dbs.com
THAILAND
DBS Vickers Securities (Thailand) Co Ltd
Contact: Chanpen Sirithanarattanakul
989 Siam Piwat Tower Building,
9th, 14th-15th Floor
Rama 1 Road, Pathumwan,
Bangkok Thailand 10330
Tel. 66 2 857 7831
Fax: 66 2 658 1269
e-mail: DBSVTresearch@dbs.com
Company Regn. No 0105539127012
Securities and Exchange Commission, Thailand
