A High-Margin SaaS Leader Poised for Growth

Company Overview: Adobe Inc. is one of the largest and most diversified software companies in the world. The company offers a line of products and services used by professionals, communicators, businesses, and consumers for creating, managing, delivering, measuring, optimising, engaging, and transacting with content and experiences across various digital media formats. Business segments include Digital Media (73% of revenue), Digital Experience (25% of revenue), and Publishing and Advertising (2% of revenue). The company operates in the Americas (60% of revenue), Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA) (25% of revenue), and Asia- Pacific (APAC) (15% of revenue) as of FY23. The company offers many of the products via a Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) model or a managed services model through term subscriptions and pay-per-use.

Investment Overview: To benefit from continuous digitalisation. Adobe has an early mover advantage with its SaaS transformation in 2009, achieving above 80% SaaS revenue since 2017. The SaaS transformation triggered robust revenue growth along with margin improvement. In 1QFY11/25, ADOBE achieved a 38% operating margin, which is among the highest of its peers. The company offers high growth opportunities riding on the trend that businesses will continue to adopt digital solutions. Equipped to capture the expanding addressable market. Adobe’s total addressable market is projected to be USD205bn in 2024, and reach USD293bn by 2027, according to the management. The company's consistent innovations and strategic acquisitions, complemented with the introduction of Firefly in March 2023, a platform offering a variety of AI tools, position Adobe strongly to capture an expanding market share. After several months of beta testing, Adobe has unveiled the commercial plan for Firefly, featuring a new credit- based system that allows users to access its tools with subscription packs starting at USD9.99 per month. Wide range of product offerings with high customer stickiness. Adobe offers a wide range of products with high value-add to both individual and corporate customers. Their Creative Cloud provides the tools necessary to create content in any format, Document Cloud contains its signature product Acrobat that helps customers to create fully digital workflows, and Experience Cloud offers a one-stop shop for businesses to sort their marketing, advertising, and analytics needs. Customer stickiness is also high for Adobe, which leads to more opportunities to upsell. BUY Adobe with a revised TP of USD660 (prev USD703). Our revised TP is based on 12.3x (prev 16x) forward EV/Sales, above its 5-year historical average of 11.7x, as we believe the commercialisation of its Firefly AI platform will fuel future growth for the company. Potential share price catalysts include (1) product price increase and (2) higher operating margins.

Risks: Global economic uncertainty. An economic slowdown may lead to a reduction in enterprise spending on digital products. Intensifying competition. Adobe participates in a highly competitive environment globally with a wide range of competitors in various industry segments. Intensifying competition could create downward pressure on product pricing and margins. Analysts: Andy YU | dbsvhk@dbs.com Sachin MITTAL | groupresearch@dbs.com
