Buckle on tight as US travel demand softens

Company Overview: Airbnb, Inc. primarily operates a global platform for stays and experiences. The Company’s marketplace model connects hosts and guests online or through mobile devices to book spaces and experiences around the world. It partners with hosts throughout the process of setting up their listing and provide them with a range of tools to manage their listings, including scheduling, merchandising, integrated payments, community support, host protections, pricing guidance, and feedback from reviews.

Investment Overview: Leading vacation rental marketplace: strong network effects strengthens economic moat. As at end-2022, ABNB had over 8mn global active listings and more than 5 mn hosts as at June 2024 which is telling of its strong brand position. The strong network effects are also evident in how prior guests remains the top source of hosts and guests also becomes hosts when they travel to other regions. We are of the view that ABNB’s position as a leading vacation rental marketplace will not be easily displaced given the strong network effects which brings together a pool of hosts and guests. Room night growth and OpEx discipline to drive EBITDA growth despite moderating ADRs. Consensus sees gross booking value increasing at 11%/12% in FY24/25, driven by 12%/12% growth in nights and experiences booked and moderating ADRs of -2%/-1% in FY24/FY25. We see downside risks to ADRs given changes in mix towards lower ADR regions, recently introduced pricing and discounting tools, as well as normalisation of record room rates. With its unique business model connecting hosts and guests, ABNB has an operationally lean model with low overheads. ABNB continues to stay well-disciplined with costs, as seen by a 5% decline in headcount despite a 75% growth in revenue (2022 compared to 2019). Accordingly, EBITDA should come in 12%/15% higher in FY24/FY25, implying operating EBITDA margin of 36%/37% for FY24/FY25. Further moderations in 3Q24 expected on signs of tapering demand in the US. We see room for downward revision in consensus forecasts (USD3.84bn) to be in line with 3Q24 revenue guidance of USD 3.67-3.73bn (+8-10% y/y). The group expects “sequential moderation” in growth of nights and experiences in 3Q24 as the booking window shortens and travel demand in the US slows. We believe that a contraction in the booking lead time is indicative of consumers’ lower propensity to spend on travel given the economic uncertainty. Despite expecting a modest y/y increase in ADRs in 3Q24, management is guiding for flattish adjusted EBITDA on a y/y basis in 3Q24 on higher marketing investment to support new growth markets (vs consensus growth of +9%). Overall, we believe that the risks are skewed towards the downside given slowing domestic travel in North America which accounts for the vast majority of nights booked within the region. Upgrade to BUY with unchanged TP USD165. We roll over our TP to 19x CY26 EV/EBITDA, which is close to -0.5SD of the historical mean. Despite tougher y/y comparisons expected in 2H25 due to the strong second half of last year, we believe the new verticals in services and experiences could become meaningful long-term contributors. Early adoption metrics for services such as high guest satisfaction, strong host interest, and seamless app integration indicate a credible path to scale and support long-term monetization potential. Consistent execution in expansion markets also confirms product market fit and brand success in new regions, which could help diversify revenue concentration risk outside North America.

Risks: Macroeconomic slowdown. Recession and macro uncertainty may impact discretionary spending on travel and could negatively impact travel service providers through fewer bookings and rates. Intensifying competition. ABNB competes with both online and traditional travel service providers such as Booking Holdings and Expedia. Players such as Google are also expanding into the travel booking space by offering services such as Google Hotel Ads, Google Flights, and Google Travel, adding competitive pressure to the industry.
