E-commerce poised for market share growth and margin expansion

Company Overview: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) is an American multinational technology company which focuses on e-commerce, cloud computing, digital streaming, and artificial intelligence. It operates through three segments: North America, International and Amazon Web Services (AWS). AMZN is the leading e-commerce player globally and accounts 39% of the US ecommerce business. AWS which provide on-demand cloud computing platforms is also the global leader accounting 34% of the market share.

Investment Overview: Amazon’s Retail segment (North America and International) continues its recovery. Amazon's retail segment is rebounding, posting a USD3.2bn operating income in 1Q25 with a 5.8% margin, nearing 4Q23’s record 6.1%. This turnaround is driven by reduced delivery costs from logistics regionalization. Amazon now holds a 42% U.S. e-commerce share, up from 41%, as the market is set to grow at a 12.3% CAGR through 2027. Analysts project an 11% retail revenue CAGR for Amazon, with margins rising to 3% in 2025 as fulfillment costs stabilize and Amazon Logistics expands. AWS Growth Softens Amid Macro Headwinds. AWS remains Amazon’s most profitable segment, contributing USD6.2bn in operating profit in 1Q25 despite slower 14% y/y revenue growth amid macro headwinds and cautious enterprise spending. Though it represents just 16% of total revenue, AWS drives profitability. The company continues investing in AI-powered cloud offerings, including generative AI and proprietary chips like Trainium and Inferentia. Expanding advertising stream with accretive margins. Amazon’s advertising segment continues strong growth, with 1Q25 ad revenue reaching USD11.5bn, up 21% y/y, outpacing peers like Snap (-3%) and Meta (+8%).With the digital ad market projected to grow at a 10% CAGR through FY26F, Amazon’s ad revenue is expected to grow 17%, increasing its market share to 13% by 2024 through its integrated retail media network. BUY AMZN with a higher TP of USD255 (prev USD235). Our TP for AMZN is based on 24m forward EV/EBITDA multiple of 15x (prev 13x) on FY26F EBITDA of USD191bn (prev USD157bn). The valuation multiple is at a 25% premium to the peer average of 12x. We have discounted the valuation by 10% annually. The higher TP stems from (i) rise in 24m forward EV/EBITDA peer average multiple from 11x to 12x, and (ii) Consensus projects 15% EBITDA CAGR for AMZN over FY24-26F, (vs. peer average of 11%). Our target price and higher multiples on AMZN are further strengthened by its leading position in e-commerce, and leadership in cloud services through AWS, hugely benefiting from Gen-AI and raising opportunities in the online advertising business.

Risks: E-commerce could face supply chain disruption & a tight labour market, along with inflation & slowing consumer discretionary spending, all of which could weigh on growth & profitability. Furthermore, if top-line demand in the e-commerce business and/or AWS slows during a period of heavy long-term investments, could result in limited margin expansion. On the other hand, future regulatory action could pose additional risks too.
