Net Interest Margin (NIM) set to turn around

Company Overview: Bank of America offers a full range of banking, investment management and other financial and risk management products and services to individuals, small- and middle-market businesses, large corporations and governments. The business segments include Consumer Banking, Global Banking, Global Wealth and Investment Management and Global Markets. The bank commands a leading market share in retail deposits and small business lending domestically in the US.

Investment Overview: Strong retail franchise; long-term strategy on focusing on responsible growth. Bank of America continues to be a market leader in the United States a strong retail franchise, having one of the highest shares of retail deposits and small business lending. Aside, Bank of America has a long-time strategy of driving responsible growth within the bank’s risk framework, culminating in a strong underwriting process and superior credit quality compared to its peers historically. Net interest income (NII) has turned the corner. Bank of America has lifted its guidance for 4Q25 NII (FTE basis) guidance to USD 15.6–15.7 bn (previous: ~USD 15.5–15.7 bn), representing approximately 8% y/y growth. Management also indicated that a 100 bps parallel downward shift from the September 30, 2025 forward interest rate yield curve would reduce net interest income by an estimated USD 2.2 bn over the next 12 months.While Bank of America interest-bearing deposit costs rose 2bps during 3Q25 (2Q25: -3bps q/q), total funding costs have been trending lower since 3Q24. Resilient asset quality shines through. With a high quality loan book across both commercial and consumer portfolios, Bank of America has consistently outperformed peers in the annual Fed stress test for the past five years to have the lowest potential loan losses in a severe downturn. We continue to like Bank of America for its strong asset quality, as the industry continues to see higher charge-offs from credit cards through 2024. Maintain BUY with higher TP of USD64, representing 15.0x FY26F P/E c. 2 SD above 10-year historical average. We believe that cost of equity is likely to be higher going forward. The company is currently trading at 11.8x FY26F P/E, representing 0.3 SD above its 10-year historical average. We believe that Bank of America will see more favourable growth trajectory ahead with better net interest margins ahead.

Risks: Recessionary risks. Downside risks include recessionary risks associated with higher than expected inflation, higher-than-expected Fed rate cuts. We believe downside risks weigh higher due to the ongoing trade war. A sharper than expected slowdown in the macroeconomic environment may also lead to slower loan growth and higher delinquencies and credit losses. Jia Hui NG Analyst groupresearch@dbs.com
