Clearer skies lie ahead beyond the near-term turbulence

Company Overview: Boeing is a premier aerospace and defence company, recognised globally for its extensive range of commercial jetliners, and defence, space, and security systems. As one of the top exporters in the U.S., it supports airlines and U.S. and allied government customers across more than 150 countries. Its operations span three primary segments: Commercial Airplanes (44% of FY23 revenue), which produces the 737, 747, 767, 777, and 787 families, as well as Boeing Business Jets; Global Services (32%), providing MRO and aftermarket services for commercial and defence clients; and Defence, Space & Security (24%), which entails designing and manufacturing advanced rotorcraft, electronic and defence systems, missiles, satellites, and launch vehicles.

Investment Overview: Despite recent challenges, a formidable presence in its core markets underscores enduring dominance and strategic resilience. Boeing holds a dominant position in the commercial aerospace sector, operating as part of a duopoly with Airbus. Together, they produce the majority of the world’s narrowbody and widebody aircraft, a market characterised by demand consistently outpacing supply. Despite recent production challenges, airlines are compelled to remain with Boeing, as Airbus’s production slots are booked into the next decade. In the highly regulated defence sector, Boeing is one of the top five prime contractors for the US and allied nations. With its extensive product range and deep expertise in driving innovation, Boeing is poised to capitalise on secular growth opportunities across both sectors. Earnings and cash flow inflection from 2HFY25, as production stabilises and deliveries accelerate. Boeing remains on track for recovery in FY25, with 737 production set to exceed 38 per month later this year, reaching 42 by year-end, while 787 output rises to 7 per month. The Spirit AeroSystems acquisition, tighter supply chain oversight, production streamling and process improvement should enhance execution, while inventory liquidation and the wind- down of shadow factories will support cash flow. Although 4QFY24 highlighted ongoing operational challenges, we believe increasing deliveries and a more stable production cadence will drive a turnaround in earnings and cash flow in 2H25, setting the stage for stronger financial performance. Improving free cash flow trajectory should drive a re-rating, despite near-term credit concerns. Boeing’s USD3.5bn cash burn in 4QFY24 reflects working capital pressures and production inefficiencies, but free cash flow should turn positive in 2H25, as deliveries ramp up and supply chain bottlenecks ease. While the USD10bn free cash flow goal will likely be pushed to FY27, we expect progressive deleveraging from FY25 onwards, easing credit overhang concerns. Execution risks remain, particularly in defence contract overruns and regulatory approvals for the 737 MAX, but with demand fundamentals intact and improving operational stability, we see meaningful upside as Boeing regains investor confidence through sustained cash flow recovery. We rate Boeing a BUY with a TP of USD260.0. Our TP is based on 25x FY27 EPS (discounted back), which is around 2SD above its 5-year pre-crisis average, and at a moderate premium to the sector average of 20-22x. We justify this premium based on Boeing's recovery from a low base, coupled with its strong positioning for sustained growth into the next decade, contingent on successful execution.

Risks: Ongoing 737 MAX production issues risk delivery delays and cash flow slippage. Tariff-related cost increases could erode margins if mitigation proves insufficient. Analyst Jason Sum | groupresearch@dbs.com
