Accelerating AI momentum

Company Overview: Broadcom Inc. (AVGO) designs, develops, and supplies a range of semiconductor and infrastructure software solutions through two segments: semiconductor solutions and infrastructure software. Its semiconductor solutions segment includes Internet protocol (IP) licensing and provides solutions for managing the movement of data in data center, telecom, enterprise, and embedded networking applications. Major end markets include broadband, networking, wireless, storage and industrial.

Investment Overview: Cementing market leadership through inorganic growth. Broadcom specialises in the design/development of semiconductors in the communications and connectivity segments and operates as an infrastructure software provider. This is enabled through a series of successful mergers, acquisitions, and integrations over the years, e.g., merger between Avago and Broadcom, and acquisitions of CA Technologies and Symantec Enterprise Security. Successful integration of VMWare should further bolster its position in the infrastructure software space. Broadcom differentiates itself through its high-performance design and integration capabilities and focuses on developing products for target markets, with above industry margins. Twin engine of AI-chips demand and VMware acquisition. We see Broadcom as a key beneficiary of the ongoing AI-boom as a key custom AI-chips player, with opportunities in both the near- and long-term. Management expects AI-chips sales to accelerate further to USD6.2bn in 4QFY25 (+19% q/q, +66% y/y), with near-term order visibility through the recent addition of USD10bn custom AI chip order from a fourth cloud customer, which is expected to ship over next year. Further out, Broadcom sees an addressable market for AI market to reach between a range of USD60-90bn by FY27, as 3 of its hyperscalers clients remain committed to each deploy AI clusters containing 1 million AI custom chips by 2027. Improving financials underscore right strategic direction. Broadcom's successful integration of its acquisitions is evidenced in its improving financials. The group registered a 10-year CAGR of 28% for revenue and 35% for EBITDA. The shift towards software - with stickier customers and low tendency to switch - has helped to improve margins. Within the semiconductor space, cyclical weakness in broadband and server storage is offset by network’s accelerating AI-driven growth. Moreover, Broadcom's track record of generating consistent free cash flows, and paying stable dividends to its shareholders, are also strong differentiating factors vs peers. We have a BUY recommendation on Broadcom with a higher TP of USD390 (from USD330), pegged to 18X blended FY25F/26F P/BV (or +2.25SD vs 5-year average). We like Broadcom as the leader within the custom AI chips value chain. Twin growth engines through accelerating AI chips momentum and stable VMware contribution remain intact, with further support coming through the gradual recovery of the non-AI semiconductor segments. Near-term momentum finds good support on robust order visibility and pipeline underpinned by 1) record consolidated backlog at USD110bn, 2) the addition of the USD10bn custom AI chip order from a fourth cloud customer, and 3) the sustained shift towards low-latency, inferencing needs. This is reflected in consensus’ optimistic forecast for AI semiconductor revenues to average >10% q/q growth over the next 8 quarters.

Risks: Risk of non-accretive acquisitions. Relatively high leverage. Slowdown in AI growth momentum.
