Multiple growth drivers in place for 2026

Company Overview: Chevron Corporation is one of the world's leading integrated energy companies and is the second largest oil company based in the US, behind ExxonMobil. The Company operates in both the upstream and downstream segments. Chevron produced around 3.3mmboepd of oil & gas in 2024, of which around 48% was produced in Chevron’s home market – USA.

Investment Overview: Earnings to remain robust in near term. Chevron's strong earnings profile and cash flows, together with its efficient cost strategy core, are expected to continue in the future. The upstream segment is the main growth driver. Chevron has also recently announced plans to develop scalable power solutions for U.S. data centers. Kazakh project ramps up, Hess acquisition completed finally. CVX's project pipeline, including the Anchor project, Whale platform in Gulf of Mexico and Kazakhstan Future Growth Project (FGP), supports long-term production growth, with Kazakhstan volumes driving significant free cash flow accretion potential in 2026. Meanwhile, the successful acquisition of Hess provides Chevron with immediate access to a high-quality rapidly expanding asset in Guyana, which will improve Chevron's production profile and growth rates well into the next decade, potentially leading to a re-rating of the stock as the market fully digests the implications of this prized asset. Strong cash flow profile and low gearing are Chevron's key strengths. Chevron has historically generated better free cash flow metrics compared to the industry average, with gearing lower than peers. Chevron remains focused on superior cash returns to shareholders, with quarterly share repurchases for 2026 guided at unchanged rate of USD2.5-3.0bn depending on market conditions. We have a BUY rating on Chevron with a revised TP of USD190. Our TP is based on a 2.1x forward P/BV multiple, which is at a slight premium to earlier valuations following its successful acquisition of Hess, which should be transformative to Chevron's growth profile. Chevron is also the only US player currently active in Venezuela and sees the potential to grow production volumes materially over the next 18 to 24 months.

Risks: Chevron's earnings depend on the price volatility of crude oil, natural gas and other refinery products. Delays in startup of key projects and cost overruns are some other risks to look out for. Suvro Sarkar Analyst groupresearch@dbs.com
