Peer leading major packaged food & beverage player

Company Overview: The Coca-Cola Company is a global total beverage company. It owns or licenses and markets various beverage brands. Key sparking non-alcoholic beverages are Coca-Cola, Sprite, Fanta, Schwepps, while other brands include Powerade, Dasani, FuzeTea, Costa Coffee, and Minute Maid. Its global unit case volume mix split in FY24 is 16% US, 33% Mexico, China, Brazil and India, and remaining 51% from other geographies. Overall, the company derives 59% of its revenue from concentrate and 41% from finished products; its concentrate operations also command significantly higher operating margins (est 40%-60%) than its finished products operations (6%-7%). The company has over 200+ brands worldwide and its products are available to consumers in more than 200 countries.

Investment Overview: Transiting to be the world’s smallest bottler through franchise model. Coca-Cola operates a unique franchise distribution network, investing in international bottling partners through its Bottling Investment Group and later divesting its equity stakes once they become successful. It has over 950 bottling plants across 200 bottling partners worldwide. Post-divestment, these partners retain exclusive rights to bottle Coca-Cola products, paying a franchise fee and remaining contractually obligated to purchase concentrates from the company. This model ensures high-margin revenue while monetising bottling stakes. Maintained guidance for organic revenue growth of 5% to 6% and raised USD EPS growth from 2% to 3% to 3% for FY25. Management projects 5%–6% organic revenue growth and 2%–3% EPS growth for FY25. Growth will be price/mix-driven (3%–5%), while volume growth is expected at 1%–2%, aligning with consensus estimates. Price/mix impact is expected to moderate, given easing inflation in hyperinflationary markets and Fairlife’s slowing growth. Management is optimistic about volume, aiming for the upper end of guidance (2%). As of 1H25, the entire 5% organic growth was driven by price/mix with concentrate volume flat y/y while unit case volume was up 1% y/y. With strong profit growth in 1H25, the company plans to reinvest part of the gains into marketing initiatives. With broadly supportive underlying trends and stepped-up investment in 2H, management remains confident in accelerating volume growth in 2H25. Well-defined strategies in place to navigate headwinds and support continued growth. Coca- Cola has clear strategies to mitigate challenges and sustain growth. For instance, it used generative AI to create its 4Q24 Christmas ad, reducing costs and turnaround time. Regarding the 25% aluminium tariff, management expects a manageable cost impact through packaging adjustments (shifting towards PET over aluminium) and hedging strategies. On the balance sheet, net debt stands at 1.8x EBITDA, rising to 2.0x EBITDA post-Fairlife contingent consideration payment but remaining at the lower end of its 2x–2.5x target range. Share buybacks have been slow, with USD4.8bn in repurchase headroom, partly to support the Fairlife consideration payout and potentially prepare for an adverse IRS tax appeal outcome, which could take years to resolve. Lift TP to USD83 (prev: USD77). We applied a higher valuation of 28x, +3S.D. of its 5-year average forward PE, on its FY25F earnings. We believe the higher valuation premium is justified given its positioning as one of the few rare blue chip consumer staple names relatively insulated from current trade tensions with its highly localised production and well-executed all-weather strategy.

Risks: Key risk includes uncertainty surrounding the IRS tax dispute appeal, but a resolution is likely years away.
