Capitalise on market volatility

Company Overview: The Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. is a global ﬁnancial institution that delivers a range of ﬁnancial services across investment banking, securities, investment management, and consumer banking to a diversiﬁed client base that includes corporations, ﬁnancial institutions, governments, and individuals. The company operates through three segments after its recent re-organisation, namely (1) Global Banking & Markets, (2) Asset & Wealth Management, and (3) Platform Solutions, which includes consumer and transaction banking businesses.

Investment Overview: World-class broker with top talent. Goldman has consistently occupied the top spots of investment banking league tables and meaningfully expanded the wallet share of its top trading clients, thanks to its excellent culture and ability to attract top talent via a performance-driven compensation system. Going forward, the company would trim its principal investment balance sheet while (1) refocusing on its core banking and markets business, (2) growing its asset and wealth management fees, and (3) scaling its young platform solutions business with the aim of achieving profitability. Normalization in Market Activities and Disciplined Strategy Execution to Drive ROE. We believe Goldman Sachs is on track to sustain its medium-term ROE target in the mid-teens, with ROE of high-teens aﬃrming strong execution. This is driven by: (1) investment banking fee recovery driven by M&A, (2) continued exit of principal investments to free capital for redeployment, (3) Asset & Wealth Management to see AUS to grow at teens % with strength in alternative, and (4) a streamlined platform business, with a three-year efficiency plan enhancing profitability. Set to deliver resilient performance, with robust trading income counterbalancing potential delays in investment banking activities amid market volatility. We note record equities trading revenues and robust FICC revenues, showcasing the ﬁrm’s ability to capitalise on a “highly dynamic environment,” as clients repositioned portfolios. This strength, driven by leadership in derivatives and ﬁnancing, is likely to persist as volatility fuels trading demand, partially oﬀsetting softer advisory revenues (down y/y) and a cautious M&A outlook due to recession risks and trade policy uncertainty. With a diversiﬁed franchise, USD40bn buyback program, and eﬃciency gains from AI investments, Goldman is well-positioned to navigate delays in dealmaking while sustaining mid-teens ROE. BUY rating with TP of USD890. Our target valuation is based on 16x FY26F P/E, justiﬁed by 16% EPS CAGR during FY24-27F. The higher than historical average target multiple reﬂect expected ROE improvement from successful strategy execution, the improving M&A deal cycle, strong equity trading income amid market volatility, and sustained market momentum amid de- escalation of trade tension. We expect the company to maintain a mid-teens ROE through- the- cycle.

Risks: Global economic slowdown, prolonged high market interest rates, noticeable contraction in market liquidity, and a substantial correction in global asset valuation. Ken SHIH | Edmond FOK
