Beneficiary of AI-driven growth in memory and storage demand

Company Overview: Micron Technology, Inc. is a provider of memory and storage solutions. The company's product portfolio includes dynamic random-access memory (DRAM), negative-AND (NAND), three- dimensional (3D) XPoint memory, NOR, solid-state drives, graphics, high bandwidth memory (HBM), managed NAND, and multichip packages. Its brands include Micron and Crucial. The company's segments include its Compute and Networking Business Unit (CNBU), which covers memory products sold to the client, and the cloud server, enterprise, graphics, and networking markets; and its Mobile Business Unit (MBU), which includes memory and storage products sold to the smartphone and other mobile device markets. DRAM accounted for 70% of the company's total revenue in FY24 while NAND accounted for 29%.

Investment Overview: MU is one of the leaders in NAND technology. Its 1-alpha DRAM and 176-layer NAND ramps are several quarters ahead of the industry and progressing well, as the company continues to qualify new products that use these nodes. NAND memory (3D chip) is in high demand. Since NAND does not need power, it is cost-effective per byte with high storage capacity and is easily replaceable. It is ideal for use in mobile devices, data centres, and automobiles, and for Internet of Things applications. It is one of the components essential for AI adoption, which is expected to see robust growth in the next decade. Data centre growth is an important tailwind, given the digital transformation of enterprises' on-site IT to the cloud. The data centre market is forecasted to grow at a rapid 22.0% CAGR from 2021 to 2026. Big Tech names' cloud services, like Amazon Web Services (AWS) of Amazon, Azure of Microsoft, and Google Cloud, have become the fastest growing parts of their businesses. According to its own estimates, Micron expects a rapid 28% CAGR in DRAM and 33% CAGR in NAND for data centre applications up until 2025. Autonomous driving also requires over 30 times more DRAM and over 100 times more NAND as it moves from Level 0 to Level 5 or full automation. Micron's own estimates for automotive DRAM growth indicate a blistering 40% CAGR and 49% CAGR in NAND up until 2025. Prices for memory have bottomed in 1H23 and has improved further in 2024. We expect the memory segment to lead the anticipated strong growth of 16.8% y-o-y in overall semiconductor revenue for the industry in 2024. Micron projects demand growth CAGRs of mid-teens in DRAM and low-20s percentage range in NAND over the next few years. Expecting a strong FY25, driven by demand for AI PCs, AI phones, and continued data center AI growth. Over 80% of Micron's DRAM production and over 90% of NAND production is on leading-edge nodes. Micron is ramping next-gen DRAM and NAND nodes, with volume production planned for 2025. This creates a favorable setup for a substantial revenue record with improved profitability going forward and to support long-term growth for the group. Overall, industry supply in 2024 is expected to be below demand for both DRAM and NAND. Maintain BUY with higher TP of US$149.00 per share. Our TP is pegged to 3.5x forward PB, (vs 4.2x previously) which is still below peers’ average of c.5-6x, given the improving outlook. Micron is well-positioned to be a major beneficiary of multi-year AI-driven growth in memory and storage demand from data centers to the edge.

Risks: High volatility in product ASP and demand from consumer electronics.
