Bumpy road

Company Overview: NIKE Inc. is engaged in the design, marketing, and distribution of athletic footwear, apparel, equipment and accessories and services for sports and fitness activities. The Company's key operating geographies include North America, Europe, Middle East & Africa, Greater China, Asia Pacific & Latin America. It sells a line of equipment and accessories under the NIKE brand, and also designs products specifically for the Jordan brand and Converse brand. The Jordan brand predominantly designs, distributes and licenses athletic and casual footwear, apparel, and accessories that focus on basketball performance, while the Converse brand mainly designs, distributes, and licenses casual sneakers, apparel, and accessories.

Investment Overview: The revitalization of Nike. Nike Direct, especially Nike Brand Digital, has seen a slowdown in growth in both digital and physical channels due to the lack of alluring product launches and effective marketing in the recent year, which has led to greater focus on promotions. For example, Nike's digital platform has delivered a 50/50 split between full-price and promotional sales, which has impacted the overall marketplace and the profitability of Nike's partners. Nike is actively reaching out to its distribution partners globally to deliver a strong product pipeline and investments in the channels. Partnership for NikeSKIMS. Nike's latest partnership with Kim Kardashian for "NikeSKIMS" targets women's fitness and activewear, with the first collection to debut in Spring 2025 and global expansion to follow in 2026. While near-term earnings impact is limited, the partnership demonstrates a breakthrough into the womenswear market where there is growing demand for premium-quality, stylish designs. Creating space for seasonal launch in fall and holiday season. Nike has been liquidating excess inventory and providing greater wholesale discounts to drive volume across NIKE factory stores, and reducing the supply of classic footwear franchises across its summer season category. Nike will increase its brand marketing activities to support key product launches and sports moments. BUY at USD85. Nike has taken action to refresh its line-up of new footwear below USD100 as well as planning to scale new performance and lifestyle models ahead. The Company is also managing expenses tightly through the product cycle transitions, with allocation of resources to maximize consumer impact. Maintain BUY with TP at USD85, based on unchanged 35x FYMay26E PE on the back of recovering earnings.

Risks: Intense market competition. The market continues to face fierce competition from both established players and emerging labels. Supply chain vulnerabilities. With pending tariff risks, Nike is subjected to risks from geopolitical tensions, labour issues, shipping delays and more. Inventory management. Nike has been struggling with inventory management challenges. Any prolonged inventory issue could have a longer than expected impact on its sales trend. Analysts: Alison FOK | dbsvhk@dbs.com Mavis HUI | dbsvhk@dbs.com
