Long-term strategy is now bearing fruit

Company Overview: Oracle Corp is the second largest software company in the world by revenue as of October 2023. The company provides enterprise software products, such as enterprise resource planning (ERP) software, human capital management (HCM) software, customer relationship management (CRM) software, enterprise performance management (EPM) software, and supply chain management (SCM) software. It also provides cloud services (IaaS plus SaaS) which contribute c.45% of revenue. The company has around 430,000 customers and 8700 employees in 175 countries spanning the Americas, Europe, Asia.

Investment Overview: Oracle is a leading global software company. Founded in 1977, it enjoyed a first-mover advantage in the database technology sector. Since its incorporation, Oracle has expanded through a series of mergers and acquisitions, spending c.USD80bn on more than 150 acquisitions. The aggressive acquisition strategy has helped the company grow very quickly in the past 20 years and has allowed it to have a wider product range. The company has extended its offerings from database, software, and hardware to cloud infrastructure and services. Cloud offerings as the growth engine. Oracle leverages its strong enterprise products and now offers cloud-based products. The company's cloud strategy supports its strong growth as the cloud-based subscription model, giving it the edge to provide more flexible/modular offerings, thereby boosting its customer base. Oracle's most popular cloud-based solutions are Fusion ERP Cloud and NetSuite ERP Cloud. These two popular solutions have fared relatively well in the past quarters and registered 20%-30% y/y growth rates. Sustainable growth of SaaS and IaaS revenue. Oracle’s cloud service (SaaS and IaaS) revenue growth rate maintains a rapid growth of c.27% in FY25, supported by 52% y/y growth in IaaS revenue (42% y/y in FY24). In terms of its IaaS market position, Oracle is still one of the smallest players and has a low single-digit percentage market share currently. However, we are already seeing growth slowing down for some of Oracle's major peers in the infrastructure space. We expect strong growth of its SaaS and IaaS revenue to be maintained, as the company can continue to leverage its popular Fusion/NetSuite ERP offerings and cross-sell/up-sell other SaaS and IaaS solutions. Maintain BUY with a higher TP of USD360 (Prev USD300). Our TP is based on c.17x FY26F EV/sales (Prev 14x), supported by robust cloud business growth momentum, increasing AI- cloud contracts, large multi-cloud bookings, and rising RPO. Consensus expects sales CAGR of 18% for FY25-FY27F (May YE) (historic sales CAGR of 9% over FY21-FY25) compared to the peer average CAGR of 11%. We see upside from the stock largely from (i) continuous market share gain in the public cloud sector with its AI niche and (ii) resilient nature of its back-office SaaS products. Potential share price catalysts include (1) stronger-than-expected revenue growth and (2) M&As with strong synergy.

Risks: Cybersecurity incidents and attacks. The occurrence of any disruptive cyber incidents could harm Oracle's business or damage its brand and reputation, leading to the loss of existing customers. Intensifying competition. Oracle participates in a highly competitive environment globally with a wide range of competitors. Intensified competition could create downward pressure on product pricing and margins.
