Diversifying beyond crypto

Company Overview: Robinhood principally focuses on developing applications for cash management through ﬁnancial instruments such as stocks, exchange-traded funds, options, and cryptocurrency. It mainly focuses on the US retail market, and has extended brokerage oﬀering in UK and crypto oﬀering in EU. It also oﬀers debit cards; monthly subscription account services with access to deposits and professional research, learning, and education solutions; and retirement accounts to users.

Investment Overview: Pioneer in commission-free brokerage. By being the ﬁrst mover to oﬀer commission-free and easy-to-use trading services, Robinhood has successfully captured many less advanced yet tech-savvy investors. It has become one of the largest retail brokers by customer count with over 26m funded accounts. To deepen client relationships and increase proﬁtability, it has been expanding its product suite by including crypto, cards, retirement accounts, wealth advisory, and banking. The company is also actively expanding overseas. Showcasing strong operating leverage. The company has achieved positive GAAP proﬁt in FY24 as guided, and the prior concerns on proﬁtability have largely faded as it showcased strong operating leverage with adjusted EBITDA margin reaching 50%+. The user-friendly interface and the broader product ecosystem have empowered market share and client wallet gains amid tech stock rally, while international expansion will also bring structural growth to the company. Diversifying beyond crypto. The company is the first mover among leading stockbrokers to offer crypto trading, which accounts for roughly one-third of total transaction-revenue, demonstrating its ability to bring incremental revenue stream via product innovation. The plan to allow retail traders to invest in AI start-ups is another example. We also like the company's execution to broaden its oﬀerings. The good traction in Robinhood Gold subscription enhanced customer loyalty and product adoption, and the fast growth in retirement assets and expected launch of banking service are key to take up a greater share of clients' wallet. The introduction of advisory services is also timely as demand surged amidst heightened uncertainty, which could lead to a more stable revenue stream. BUY with USD165 TP. Our TP is based on 45x FY26F EV/EBITDA, which we think can be justiﬁed by its c.40% CAGR EBITDA growth during FY24-27F, strong momentum in product cross-selling and high lifetime value for clients as switching cost is high.

Risks: Global economic slowdown, prolonged high market interest rates, noticeable contraction in market liquidity, and a substantial correction in global asset valuation. Ken SHIH
