Leading e-sport games player with a robust pipeline

Company Overview: Take-Two Interactive Software (TTWO) is a leading developer and publisher of interactive entertainment for consumers around the globe. The company’s products are designed for console gaming systems, PCs as well as mobile devices. They are delivered through physical retail, digital download, online platforms, and cloud streaming services. The company focuses on publishing a selected number of titles based on internally owned and developed intellectual properties, including NBA 2K25,Grand Theft Auto, Borderlands series etc.

Investment Overview: Legacy titles and eSports games continue to gain momentum. TTWO has strong game franchises including NBA 2K, Grand Theft Auto (GTA), and Red Dead Online. Going ahead, the largest contributors to Net Bookings are expected to be NBA 2K, the Grand Theft Auto series, Toon Blast, our hyper-casual mobile portfolio, Match Factory, Empires & Puzzles, the Red Dead Redemption series, Sid Meier's Civilization 7, and Words with Friends. Consensus expects the company will deliver above-peer average EBITDA growth of 73% over FY25-27F, supported by strong legacy titles and upcoming e-sport games. Strong multi-year pipeline offers substantial long-term upside. The company has a strong track record of launching high-quality titles and is expected to release approximately 20 titles per year for the next several years, through a combination of new and existing franchises like NBA 2K25. Grand Theft Auto VI, Mafia: The Old Country, and Borderlands 4 are some of the most anticipated releases for FY25. We expect the robust pipeline will drive sustainable revenue growth and earnings. Acquisition strategy to expand the addressable market. TTWO has acquired several development studios, including Playdots, Ruffian Games, and HB Studios to further expand its user base and addressable market. Most recently, TTWO’s Rockstar Games acquired Video Games Deluxe, a Sydney-based development studio, in March 2025. The acquisition of new studios will increase its franchises and benefit overseas expansion, boosting revenue growth. We rate BUY on Take-Two Interactive Software with a TP of USD273 (prev USD237) per share. Our TP is based on 29x (prev 31x) forward PE, c.1S.D below its 5-year historical average of 30x. The increase in the target multiple is driven by the strong revenue and EBITDA growth outlook, coupled with a robust pipeline of games. Potential share price catalyst includes (1) stronger than expected performance of newly launched games; (2) earnings upside from acquisition synergies; (3) better than expected international expansion

Risks: Slower than expected monetisation ramp-up of new games. After the relaxation of Covid measures, people are spending more time outdoors which could affect the time spent on games and lead to slower revenue growth. TTWO might incur more marketing expenses and user acquisition costs to promote new games, impacting earnings.
