Brighter prospects on margin upside

Company Overview: United Airlines (UAL) provides scheduled air transportation for passengers (>90% of total revenue) and cargo (3-5%) throughout the United States and across the globe. United Airlines is one of the largest airlines in the world, with a mainline and regional fleet of 826 and 518 aircraft respectively as of December-21. The airline’s core hubs in the US include New York, Los Angeles, San Francisco, Chicago, and Denver, and as part of the Star Alliance, the airline also has a vast international route network.

Investment Overview: Long-term margin strategy intact. UAL boasts the most extensive international travel network and has higher exposure to less price-sensitive segments like corporate travel and long-haul. The carrier’s strategic focus on its brand-loyal model, higher-margin flying, de-peaked capacity scheduling, and cost-efficient operations should support margin expansion. Structural tailwinds for stronger pricing and margins. UAL is anticipated to outperform peers amid the strengthening pricing environment in FY26, underpinned by rationalisation of industry supply growth and acceleration in corporate traffic recovery. We also see improving unit costs ahead on the back of better utilisation and higher capacity growth, with cost-cutting initiatives bringing unit costs (excluding fuel) to 8% lower in 2026 vs 2019. Consequently, UAL's operating margin is forecasted to return to pre-pandemic levels of above 10% in the medium-term. Deleveraging remains key. UAL's priority remains to pare down debt to more sustainable levels, given its goal of repairing its balance sheet to its pre-crisis state by 2026, and the group seems to be on track (net leverage at 2.0x). While capex guidance had been lowered previously, management now anticipates a modest near-term uptick as Boeing narrow-body deliveries improve, which could moderate the pace of debt reduction. We believe more opportunistic buybacks will continue upon achieving its leverage target (USD1.5bn share buyback announced in Oct-24). Maintain BUY with a higher TP of USD130.0, based on 5.7x forward EV/EBITDA. UAL is currently trading at a discount to other North American network airlines, and we believe it is largely unwarranted given that its operating margins could surprise on the upside and its capital spending is now moderated in a way that could maximise returns to shareholders.

Risks: Macroeconomic weakness could curb discretionary spending on travel while persistent cost inflation (staff, jet fuel prices etc.) could weigh on margins. Tabitha Foo | Jason Sum
