AI-powered credit engine

Company Overview: UPST is a financial technology company that provides AI-powered lending platform for personal loans. Its platform enables banks and other lending institutions to offer loans to consumers with little or no credit history, by using alternative data sources and sophisticated modeling techniques to assess creditworthiness. UPST has partnerships with a number of banks and financial insitutions, and its platform is used to originate loans for a variety of purposes, including debt consolidation, credit card refinancing, and personal expenses.

Investment Overview: AI-powered credit score unlocks lending opportunities. UPST's AI-driven credit score system provides additional loan origination to bank partners. With more feedback and updates during different business cycles, UPST's model improves prediction accuracy and, in turn, improves the conversion rate. The company recently launched one of the most impactful improvements to its model, and has seen 18% of accuracy gains since inception. Repeat customers, loan scale expansion, and new bank outsourcing business (platform fee) should drive UPST's business growth in the long-term period. Rising credit concerns on more in-housed loans. To facilirate expansion into new products like auto/home loans, the company has added more loans to balance sheet for R&D purpose. This, however raised investor concerns amid elevated macro uncertainty. The sequential thinning of fee rate also led to concerns over long-term profitability. Rate cuts tailwind is softening. Rate cut expectations were once a key boost to share price, via lowering its funding costs and supporting a faster growth in originations. Yet, the recent tariff introduction may reignite inflation and adds uncertainty to the rate cut decisions. The management currently incorporates no rate cuts in its guidance. HOLD rating with USD70TP. Our TP is based on 24 FY26F forward EV/EBITDA, in line with historical average, as we think the good traction in new product expansion and the strength in AI-led underwriting model offset the risk from macro weakness.

Risks: Upside risks include consumer credit quality improving faster than expected, consumer demand for unsecured loans improving despite a challenging environment, and institutional and bank funding being more resilient than expected. Downside risks include deterioration of customer credit profile and stricter regulatory supervision. Analysts: Edmond Fok | dbsvhk@dbs.com Manyi Lu | dbsvhk@dbs.com
