Cautious consumers driving market share gains

Company Overview: Walmart Inc. offers shopping opportunities in both retail stores and through e-commerce. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam's Club. The Walmart U.S. segment is a merchandiser of consumer products. The Walmart International segment includes various formats divided into two categories: retail and wholesale. These categories consist of various formats, including supercenters, supermarkets, hypermarkets, warehouse clubs and cash & carry, as well as e-commerce through walmart.com.mx, walmart.ca, flipkart.com and other sites. The Sam's Club segment is a membership-only warehouse club.

Investment Overview: Online sales and technology development to improve shopping experience. Walmart continues to focus on online sales expansion with its well-established delivery service network covering 70% households in the US, with drone delivery covering seven states, while the company is also expanding its GoLocal services via the cooperations with renowned platforms such as Home Depot and Cognery. Online margin is also improving, In the meantime, Walmart's investments in supply chain automation should start to bear fruits and increase overall labour productivity. Walmart’s own ecosystem to be a key differentiator. Walmart has expanded its businesses from grocery retailing and general merchandises to tap into healthcare and financial services for its customers, allowing it to create stronger bonding and diversify its revenue and profit sources. Walmart should also achieve a faster momentum in its international markets with high-single digit sales growth. Margin improvement. Walmart's gross margin continues to benefit from more favourable business mix as the company expands its presense in e-commerce and advertising in both US and international markets. Walmart's pricing strategies could potentially attract more affluent shoppers and expand its customer base. With the ongoing improvement in supply-chain and staff management, Walmart should also be able achieve better operating efficiency and margin growth over the medium-term. We rate BUY on Walmart with a TP of USD120. Our TP is based on 41x FY26 PE in view of Walmart's continuing share gains given the cautious consumer sentiment as well as its ongoing operating efficiency improvement.

Risks: Rising competition; prolonged geopolitical uncertainties and inflation; slowdown in e- commerce growth; significant increase in capex to support e-commerce and technological advancement; etc. Analysts: Mavis HUI | dbsvhk@dbs.com Clement XU | dbsvhk@dbs.com
